#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title

\noun on
Terry - GIL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Presentation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Terry is a processing image library.
 It's an extension to boost GIL library.
 It's a fully templated library, so it's header only and you don't need
 any link.
 Terry is a completly autonomous part of the TuttleOFX project.
 The only reasons to not released Terry independantly are:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Many plugins are strongly dependant to it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The developpement of a plugin and it's algorithmic part in terry is done
 together.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
GIL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
GIL is a well-known image library written by Adobe and intergrated into
 boost.
 It's an image manipulation library, which helps developpers to write there
 algorithm properly.
 But the goal of GIL is not to propose itself processing algorithm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Terry
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of Terry is to implement a set of processing algorithm based on
 GIL.
 Our first works are to implement low level thinks, like sampling and colorspace
 transformations.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
